# 你喜欢过生日吗？
Do you like celebrating your birthday? When I was a kid, birthdays were a really big deal. My parents would always make me and my siblings feel really special on our birthdays. My mom would make our favorite meal and she would also make a huge cake and our whole family would come over to celebrate together. I come from a relatively big family so sometimes birthdays felt like the only day you could get all the attention you and it was always something to look forward to. But now with each year that I get older, I feel like my birthday is more of a day for self reflection and looking back at the past year in my life. What did I accomplish? Did I do everything I wanted to do? If 10 year old me could look at myself now, would she be proud of me or even think that I was cool? 

* When I was a kid, birthdays were a really big deal
  * a really big deal 一件非常重要的是事情
  * birthdays用复数表示从小到达经历的多个生日，第一表示多个生日，第二表示普遍性
* “would always”中“would”的用法
  * “would”在这里用于表示过去的习惯性或反复发生的动作，常与“always”“often”“usually”等频率副词连用。它强调在过去的一段时间内，某个动作经常发生
  * Would是will的过去式，用于表示过去的意愿、将来或习惯性动作等。
  * “would+动词原形”更侧重于描述过去的一种反复出现的行为模式。would make
* my siblings 我的兄弟姐妹
* come over 过来/顺便拜访
  * We're having a barbecue this weekend. Would you like to come over?（我们这周末要烧烤，你想过来吗？）
  * Just as I was about to leave, my neighbor came over to ask for some help.（我正要出门的时候，邻居过来寻求帮助。 ）
* but now with each year that i get older 但是现在，随着年龄增长
* I feel like my birthday is more of a day for self reflection and looking back at the past year in my life.
* more of … 强调某种程度上“更多是…  更像是”
  * “more of”在“more of a day”中的意思是“在更大程度上是；更像是”，用于强调事物具有某种性质或属于某种类型的程度更高。例如：
    * He is more of a teacher than a friend.（与其说他是个朋友，不如说他更像是一位老师。）
    * It's more of a hobby than a job.（这与其说是一份工作，不如说是一种爱好。）
* self reflection  自我反思
* lock back 回顾，回忆某事，回头看

This past year I really push myself to do things I never thought I would have been able to do. And I think a big reason for why was able to do them was because I started to become more independent and I also gained more self confidence from sharing my stories on line. I found that there were a lot of people who had experiences very similar to mine. And even though I might not have that many people around me in real life, it just felt really good to know that people could relate 8 to me or that people even liked watching my videos. When I started to express how introverted and shy I am online, a lot of people started commenting and saying that people who are really shy, are really introverted, wouldn't even dare to post these kinds of videos online. And that was the case for me in the beginning. When I first started making these videos, I would just open my camera on my phone and just stare at self without even being able to say a single word because I literally felt so embarrassed and so self conscious. I even used to be way too nervous to even hold my phone up in public and record myself or even the things around me. But the more that I push myself to do this, I started to feel less and less awkward. And actually I found that this is a perfect way for me to express myself because real life

not everyone has the patience to fully listen to all of my ideas or to listen to how I'm feeling. And sometimes I don't even know how to communicate to other people how I'm feeling. But once I found my own way of expressing myself, I started to understand myself more and I started gaining confidence in everything that I do. So when I reflect on this past year, my life, I feel like I've been able to gain a lot more confidence and independence and I've also been better at adapting to all the changes around me. 
A year ago, I had just moved to a new city and it was a really hard time for me because I didn't know anybody there and I was feeling really lonely all the time. And also within the first week of moving, there were so many instances of people being not very friendly towards me. Like the time that I was going to get my car out of a parking spot and there is just a group of girls outside of my car pointing at me and laughing at me instead of actually trying to help me. And if that had happened to my old self, I would have been really depressed and really upset for a long time. But over time, as I've grown up, I've slowly come to realize that I can't control what other people do or say, but I can control how I react and how I let things affect me. And the most important thing is that I'm doing things that I feel proud of and living a life that makes me happy. And I do feel proud of myself for how far I've come in my journey of self improvement. And now here I am a year later, I've just moved to another city again and I have so many things that I want to accomplish and share with all of you. I wanna encourage people to follow their dreams and find their passions in life, even when other people tell you that you can't. I think instead of believing other people when they tell us this. We can use it as inspiration to make ourselves better and prove them wrong. And you never know what you can accomplish if you never try. 